Introduction
=============
MyInnerCircle is an application that focusses on making postings in a private circle. A user needs to login and add friends to see their postings.
He also has an option to see all postings.
He can add/view/edit/delete his own postings.

Structure
=========
Controllers : Devise(for users), Friends (Friend creation/listing), Postings (Create/Show/Update/Delete) REST api

Foreign Key relation exists in two places
1. Between users and friends table
2. Between users and postings table

db migrations used to build the database incrementally.
    3 Db migartions for 3 tables
    2 db migrations to change the columns


Running Information
===================
Github Repositry URL :

For sample run:
1. Go to www.myinnercircle.herokuapp.com  or localhost:3000
2. Enter email as 'ira.jain7@gmail.com'
3. Enter password as 'hello123'

Other sample users:
1. john_lennon@test.com/hello123
2. adam.wills@gmail.com/hello123

To add friends on home page:
1. john_mister@test.com
2. neha.sharma@yahoo.com


Testing
========
To run tests : Go to Tools, Run rake task, Select specs.
(This will run all the 41 tests in spec folder)

Test cases:  Testing has been done using RSpec . Test cases reside in folder spec.
Covered cases: spec/controllers -> for functional tests
spec/models -> unit tests
spec/requests -> integration tests
spec/routings -> routing tests
spec/views -> views tests
Used Factory girl to generate data, wherever possible.


XML testing:
===========
1.Login using credentials -> email: ira.jain7@gmail.com , pwd: hello123
2.For browser verification use address : http://myinnercircle.herokuapp.com/postings/5.xml
3.For local host verification use address: http://localhost:3000/postings/13.xml
4.Rspec test for XML in REST api - Postings->  postings_controller_spec under specification "describe "GET show" "

AJAX request:
=============
Implemented by dynamicaly rendering friends listing and realated postings in home page without refreshing the whole page.
Refer to  AJAX request in views/friends/form which calls the 'add friend' form with remote: true.
Friends controller recieves this AJAX request and calls views/friends/create.js.erb to
render 2 partials-> friends listing and postings listing

Ruby related information:
=========================
Ruby version - 1.9.3 p448
Rails version 3.2.14




